# Cs-210-project-1

This project was the creation of a clock that took system time and allowed the user to add 1 hour, 1 minute or 1 second to its pulled time. During this project I feel I did a good job at breaking the code into functions that allowed minimal code in main. However, with this said I feel there was some issues in the final presentation of my project that could have benefitted from minor changes in the user display. Along with this I feel there was probably an easier or more efficent way of converting the system time into changable variables, however my method did serve its purpose well. Going along with this the mostchallenging part of this code for me was integrating the system time into individual integars for time and with this I had problems coming up with a method to do so. To solve this problem I looked to online resources as well as our text book to find ways to pull indiviudal factors from a string as well convert a string to an integar resulting in the method I used in this code. The skills from this project that will be particularly transferrable to other course work are the functions involved in this code. This is due the fact that throughout the entirety of programming in the my education functions have had a strong role in creating efficent and well working code and with this any practice of functions proves beneficial. To make this proghram maintainable,readbale and adaptable I used fucntions as well as whitespace to seperate code into sections as well prevent my code from becoming cluttered thus enhancing readability.
